h1. README

This README is a work is progress.

h2. Installation

This application is designed using Sean Corfield's FW/1.  To install simply place this folder at the application root...wherever that may be.

h2. Overview

The goal of this project is to simplify performing migrations on a database through the use of migrations (similar to the rails approach).  The intended workflow will go something like this:

* Fill out basic information about the change you wish to make via the web interface
* This migration generator will generate a basic stub file for you to update.  The stub will be named as a timestamp cfc file (e.g. 201007150905_12.cfc) that the user can download.  Once downloaded, the user will need to fill in the following information:
  * sql commands to update the database (called up)
  * sql commands to reverse the changes they are making (down)
* User will upload the completed stub file.  They will have the option of requesting that the migration be applied as soon as possible, or at a later date.
* An administrator will review and approve any completed migrations.  Pushing out a migration will perform the following actions:
  * Migration as defined by up will be performed on the database
  * migration name (i.e. stub file name) will be stored in a table called MIGRATIONS along with information about the ticket, the person who created it, and the person who approved it
* Since down operations are captured, any migration (current or past) can be revoked (which could potentially cause data loss)

h2. Ideas

The following ideas might add additional userfulness to this tool:

* command line interface (via python): allows quick creation of migration requests, ability to upload migration documents, ability to see migration status/history
* web service: RESTful interface